Master, don't scare me
Can you cure his team?
Dantian broken
Meridian break
And the body
There is also an inner diameter eroding his body
Medicinal food is inevitable
If he hadn't served the elixir to strengthen his body
Have long been a hero
Wait until you cure him
Nursery must be filial to you
Just say this to my disciple
The old man just drinks his life
Heal him too
Danyang Xuanzhen first style
Flying needle lead coil
Let's go
Goat Xuanzhen the second person
Kite for snow
Let's go
Sanyang Xuanzhen Third Risk
Tongbing and activating
Let's go
How is the business situation?
This kid's legs
It has been restored.
But his dantian and meridians only recovered for 7 days
The remaining 30% is not a day's work
The most troublesome thing is the thick sharp diameter in his body
And become a retro body ant
The key is his inner diameter
I was scared to the bone of him.
There are only two ways to extract the inner diameter
Which two ways?
You are cutting off his lifeblood
This will cut off the descendants
Find a woman
Go to sleep
Suck out his heart
Certainly.
This is also very good for that girl
Miss, I propose to cut him
He's a fool anyway.
I can't find a woman to be together for life
Just cut it all
You can also practice the Sunflower Collection
More powerful
It's too much.
How can you do this?
What do you say?
Could it be that you want to sleep with him?
Yeah, I slept with him.